feat: comprehensive sentry instrumentation (#2023)
caos/zitadel: README.md

* [**OIDC for GO**](https://github.com/caos/oidc) - OpenID Connect SDK (client and server) for Go
* [**ZITADEL Tools**](https://github.com/caos/zitadel-tools) - Go tool to convert  key file to privately signed JWT

## Usage Data

> ZITADEL components send errors and usage data to CAOS AG, so that we are able to identify code improvement potential. If you'd rather be anonymous or don't have an internet connection, pass the global flag `--disable-ingestion` when using zitadelctl. For disabling ingestion for already-running components, execute the takeoff command again with the `--disable-ingestion` flag.

Author: ```suggestion
ZITADEL components send errors and usage data to CAOS AG, so that we are able to identify code improvement potential. If don't want to send this data or don't have an internet connection, pass the global flag `--disable-ingestion` when using zitadelctl. For disabling ingestion for already-running components, execute the takeoff command again with the `--disable-ingestion` flag.

We try to distinguishing the environments from which events come from. As environment identifyer, we enrich the events by the domain you have configured in zitadel.yml, as soon as its available. When it's not awailable and you passed the --gitops flag, we defer the environment identifier from your git repository URL.

Besides from errors that don't clealy come from misconfiguration or cli misuage, we send an inital event when any binary is started. This is a "<binary> invoked" event along with the flags that are passed to it, except secret values of course.

We only ingest operational data. Your ZITADEL workload data from the IAM application itself is never sent anywhere unless you chose to integrate other systems yourself.
```

> 

Author: @mffap is this description enough?

Reviewer: `you'd rather be anonymous` würde ich erstetzen durch `you don't want to send this data`

Reviewer: Can we specify what usage data is? Maybe give an example. Users should have the confidence that we don't share identifying information about them.

Author: ```suggestion
ZITADEL components send errors and usage data to CAOS AG, so that we are able to identify code improvement potential. If don't want to send this data or don't have an internet connection, pass the global flag `--disable-ingestion` when using zitadelctl. For disabling ingestion for already-running components, execute the takeoff command again with the `--disable-ingestion` flag.

We try to distinguishing the environments from which events come from. As environment identifier, we enrich the events by the domain you have configured in zitadel.yml, as soon as it's available. When it's not available and you passed the --gitops flag, we defer the environment identifier from your git repository URL.

Besides from errors that don't clearly come from misconfiguration or cli misuage, we send an inital event when any binary is started. This is a "<binary> invoked" event along with the flags that are passed to it, except secret values of course.

We only ingest operational data. Your ZITADEL workload data from the IAM application itself is never sent anywhere unless you chose to integrate other systems yourself.
```

Reviewer 2: can we replace `CAOS AG` with `CAOS Ltd.`
